Feature/improve docs (#5)
AitoDotAI/aito-python-tools: docs/source/index.rst

Basic Usage
-----------

Aito Command Line Interface
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code:: console

  $ aito -h
  usage: aito [-h] <action> ...

  optional arguments:
    -h, --help          show this help message and exit

  action:
    action to perform

    <action>
      infer-table-schema
                         infer an Aito table schema from a file
      convert           convert a file into ndjson|json format
      database          perform operations with your Aito database instance

.. note::
  For the database action, remember to :ref:`set up your Aito instance credentials<setUpAitoCredentials>`.

For an additional guide of the CLI tool, see the :doc:`CLI documentations <cli/cli>`.

Using the Python SDK
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Most used features:

1. Infer Aito Schema from a Pandas DataFrame
2. Create a table
3. Upload data to a table

.. toctree::
  :hidden:

  generic/install
  cli/cli
  cli/sql
  sdk/quickstart
  sdk/api
  generic/changelog

.. note::

  The Aito Python SDK is an experimental project that we are already using ourselves.
  It might be a bit rough around the edges and is not yet ready for production grade.

>   This project is under constant development and is likely to be broken in the future.

Author: ```suggestion
  This project is under constant development and is subject to change.
```

Aito Python SDK
===============

Version |release|

|PyPI| |PyPI version|

The Aito Python SDK is an open-source library that helps you to integrate your Python application
to Aito_ quicker and more efficiently.

The SDK also includes the :doc:`Aito Command Line Interface (CLI) <cli>` that enables you to interact with Aito
using commands in your command-line shell, e.g: infer a table schema from a file or upload a file to Aito.

Quick Installation
------------------

To install with pip, run: ``pip install aitoai``

> For more installation option, please check :doc:`install`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more installation options, please check :doc:`install`
```

Basic Usage
-----------

Aito Command Line Interface
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code:: console

  $ aito -h
  usage: aito [-h] <action> ...

  optional arguments:
    -h, --help          show this help message and exit

  action:
    action to perform

    <action>
      infer-table-schema
                        infer an Aito table schema from a file
      convert           convert a file into ndjson|json format
      database          perform operations with your Aito database instance

.. note::

  For the database action, remember to :ref:`set up your Aito instance credentials<cliSetUpAitoCredentials>`.

For an additional guide of the CLI tool, see the :doc:`CLI documentations <cli>`.

Using the Python SDK
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Some common features:

1. :ref:`sdkInferTableSchema`
2. :ref:`sdkCreateTable`
3. :ref:`sdkUploadData`

.. toctree::
  :hidden:

  install
  quickstart
  cli
  sdk
  api
  sql
  changelog

.. note::

  The Aito Python SDK is an experimental project that we are already using ourselves.

>   It might be a bit rough around the edges and is not yet ready for production grade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It might be a bit rough around the edges and is not yet production-grade.
```

>   This project is under constant development and is likely to be broken in the future.

Reviewer: This sounds a bit bad. :sweat_smile:

>   Feel free to use, and share any feedback with us via our `Slack channel`_ or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Feel free to use the Aito SDK, and share any feedback with us via our `Slack channel`_ or
```
